(PE-31273) Collect analytics on source files for plan actions (#2687)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/analytics.md

- Which built-in plugins Bolt is using
- Topics viewed with `bolt guide <TOPIC>`
- IDs of any deprecation warnings

> - Whether source file for `upload_file`, `run_script`, or `file_read` plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whether source file for `upload_file`, `run_script`, or `file::read` plan
```

> - Whether source file for `upload_file`, `run_script`, or `file::read` plan
>   functions use an absolute path or a module path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Whether the source file for `upload_file`, `run_script`, or `file::read` plan
  functions uses an absolute path or a module path.
```
